# Project: Can the historical Initial Public Offering (IPO) data predict the success of an IPO?
Group Members: Abby Pham (vp237), Charles Wu (cw725), Max Wu (mw734), Selena Kang (sk2426)

An Initial Public Offering (IPO) is the first sale of stocks issued by a company to the public. IPO stocks can be very volatile in the days immediately after an IPO. We will be considering the following criteria to evaluate the success of an IPO: the IPO stock is overpriced/underpriced at issuance, or in other words, yields an increase/decrease in the stock price for the first day; offer-to-current return (cumulative return captured in the growth from the initial IPO price to the current market price); number of days the stock performs better than the S&P 500. For this project, we are looking to answer the following question:

What are the most reliable and effective predictors that can be used to predict the success of an IPO? Potential predictors include industries/sectors, locations, the number of years the company had been operating before going IPO, which day of the week the stock went public on. 

This is important as an IPO is one of the most important factors in the success of a Public Company, and the ability to find the most important factors in its success is immensely valuable. This project will be worthwhile owing to the previously mentioned importance of IPOs and the value that such a project could unlock. We believe that we will succeed owing to us possessing a sufficient amount of applicable data and identifiable features that would allow us to explore practical and viable solutions through various models.
